Update documentation (#426)
oceanprotocol/squid-py: README.md

pip install squid-py
```

## Configuration

In order to effectively use `squid-py` in your local environment you need to run [_Barge_](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/barge) which runs a local Ocean Protocol network on your machine.  You can [configure it with environment variables and feature flags](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/barge#options), by default it will run all the latest stable versions of all [Ocean Protocol components](https://docs.oceanprotocol.com/concepts/components/).

> ```

Reviewer: let's remove this whole code snippet from here, no need to show here how Barge gets the versions

Author: Default options didn't work last time, so we had to configure versions manually. I got your point that steps should be clean but it might also create some confusion

Reviewer: What I mean is that the way to grab another version is to redefine env var, not modify the barge script directly so devs do not have to modify 2 codebases first before getting it running. So the example should be just that, instead of the snippet from the barge script:

```bash
export BRIZO_VERSION=0.5.1
./start_ocean.sh
```

Likewise, if the default versions do not work then Barge is broken and needs to be fixed. No other component should start with providing workarounds for another broken component. Always fix the broken component.

from ocean_utils.agreements.service_agreement import ServiceAgreement

# keeper.path should point to the artifact folder which is assumed here to be the default path created by barge
config_dict = {'keeper-contracts':{
                    # Point to an Ethereum RPC client. Note that Squid learns the name of the network to work with from this client.
                    'keeper.url':'http://localhost:8545',
                    # Specify the keeper contracts artifacts folder (has the smart contracts definitions json files). When you
                    # install the package, the artifacts are automatically picked up from the `keeper-contracts` Python
                    # dependency unless you are using a local ethereum network.
                    'keeper.path':'~/.ocean/keeper-contracts/artifacts',
                    'secret_store.url': 'http://localhost:12001',
                    'parity.url': 'http://localhost:8545',
                    'parity.address': '0x00bd138abd70e2f00903268f3db08f2d25677c9e',
                    'parity.password': 'node0',
                    'parity.address1': '0x068ed00cf0441e4829d9784fcbe7b9e26d4bd8d0',

>                     'parity.password1': 'secret',

Reviewer 2: These should be removed as they are obsolete.

                    'storage.path': 'squid_py.db',
                    # Where to store downloaded asset files
                    'downloads.path': 'consume-downloads'
                }}

metadata = {
    "main": {
        "name": "Ocean protocol white paper",
        "dateCreated": "2012-02-01T10:55:11Z",
        "author": "Mario",
        "license": "CC0: Public Domain",
        "price": "0",
        "files": [
            {
                "index": 0,
                "contentType": "text/text",
                "checksum": str(uuid.uuid4()),
                "checksumType": "MD5",
                "contentLength": "12057507",
                "url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oceanprotocol/barge/master/README.md"
            }
        ],
        "type": "dataset"
    }
}

# Prepare environment account variables
os.environ["PARITY_ADDRESS"] = "0x00bd138abd70e2f00903268f3db08f2d25677c9e"
os.environ["PARITY_PASSWORD"] = "node0"
os.environ["PARITY_ADDRESS1"] = "0x068ed00cf0441e4829d9784fcbe7b9e26d4bd8d0"
os.environ["PARITY_PASSWORD1"] = "secret"
# Specify path to the private keys
os.environ["PARITY_KEYFILE1"] = "./key_file_1.json"

> os.environ["PARITY_KEYFILE"] = "./key_file_2.json"

Reviewer 2: Add comment above to state that these should be declared outside in the shell, e.g. `export PARITY_ADDRESS=0x00bd138abd70e2f00903268f3db08f2d25677c9e`

pip install squid-py
```

## Configuration

> In order to effectively use `squid-py` in your local environment you would have to run `barge`.  Please make sure that `barge` is running all the latest versions of Aquarius, Brizo, Keeper Contracts and Commons. You can configure it in `start_ocean.sh`.

Reviewer: Better to not depend on a code snippet from the script, which changes all the time. Likewise, people should be encouraged to use env vars and feature flags before modifying the script directly.

```suggestion
In order to effectively use `squid-py` in your local environment you need to run [_Barge_](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/barge).  Please make sure that _Barge_ is running all the latest stable versions of Ocean Protocol components. You can [configure it with environment variables and feature flags](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/barge#options).
```

    "kdfparams": {
      "c": 10240,
      "dklen": 32,
      "prf": "hmac-sha256",
      "salt": "eca6ccc9fbb0bdc3a516c7576808ba5031669e6878f3bb95624ddb46449e119c"
    },
    "mac": "14e9a33a45ae32f88a0bd5aac14521c1fcf14f56fd55c1a1c080b2f81ddb8d44"
  },
  "address": "068ed00cf0441e4829d9784fcbe7b9e26d4bd8d0",
  "name": "",
  "meta": "{}"
}

```

`key_file_2.json`:
```
{
  "id": "0902d04b-f26e-5c1f-e3ae-78d2c1cb16e7",
  "version": 3,
  "crypto": {
    "cipher": "aes-128-ctr",
    "cipherparams": {
      "iv": "6a829fe7bc656d85f6c2e9fd21784952"
    },
    "ciphertext": "1bfec0b054a648af8fdd0e85662206c65a4af0ed15fede4ad41ca9ab7b504ce2",
    "kdf": "pbkdf2",
    "kdfparams": {
      "c": 10240,
      "dklen": 32,
      "prf": "hmac-sha256",
      "salt": "95f96b5ee22dd537e06076eb8d7078eb7275d29af935782fe476696b11be50e5"
    },
    "mac": "4af2215c3cd9447a5b0512d7d1c3ea5a4435981e1c8f48bf71d7a49c0e5b4986"
  },
  "address": "00bd138abd70e2f00903268f3db08f2d25677c9e",
  "name": "Validator0",
  "meta": "{}"
}
```

You may also use the following environment variables (override the corresponding configuration file values):

- KEEPER_PATH
- KEEPER_URL
- GAS_LIMIT
- AQUARIUS_URL

> ### Usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

                    # Brizo is the publisher's agent. It serves purchase and requests for both data access and compute services
                    'brizo.url': 'http://localhost:8030',
                    # points to the local database file used for storing temporary information (for instance, pending service agreements).
                    'storage.path': 'squid_py.db',
                    # Where to store downloaded asset files
                    'downloads.path': 'consume-downloads'
                }}

metadata = {
    "main": {
        "name": "Ocean protocol white paper",
        "dateCreated": "2012-02-01T10:55:11Z",
        "author": "Mario",
        "license": "CC0: Public Domain",
        "price": "0",
        "files": [
            {
                "index": 0,
                "contentType": "text/text",
                "checksum": str(uuid.uuid4()),
                "checksumType": "MD5",
                "contentLength": "12057507",
                "url": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oceanprotocol/barge/master/README.md"
            }
        ],
        "type": "dataset"
    }
}

# Prepare environment account variables

> os.environ["PARITY_ADDRESS1"] = "0x00bd138abd70e2f00903268f3db08f2d25677c9e"

Reviewer 2: This is repeated below, maybe remove the `1` at the end.

os.environ["PARITY_PASSWORD"] = "node0"
os.environ["PARITY_ADDRESS1"] = "0x068ed00cf0441e4829d9784fcbe7b9e26d4bd8d0"
os.environ["PARITY_PASSWORD1"] = "secret"
# Specify path to the private keys
os.environ["PARITY_KEYFILE1"] = "./key_file_1.json"
os.environ["PARITY_KEYFILE"] = "./key_file_2.json"

ConfigProvider.set_config(Config('', config_dict))

ocean = Ocean()

print(ContractHandler.artifacts_path)

config = ocean.config

account = get_account(0) # use if env vars are declared

> consumer_account = get_account(1) # PARITY_ADDRESS1 PARITY_KEY1 & PARITY_PASSWORD1

Reviewer 2: PARITY_KEYFILE1 instead of PARITY_KEY1

> #It is also possible to initialize account as follows bypassing the creation of environment variables

Reviewer 2: typo in bypassing, please add space

assert ddo is not None, f'Registering asset on-chain failed.'
print("create asset success")

# Now we have an asset registered, we can verify it exists by resolving the did
_ddo = ocean.assets.resolve(ddo.did)
# ddo and _ddo should be identical
print(_ddo.did)

# CONSUMER
# search for assets
asset_ddo = ocean.assets.search("Ocean protocol")[0]
# Need some ocean tokens to be able to order assets
ocean.accounts.request_tokens(account, 10)
print("request tokens success")

service = ddo.get_service(service_type=ServiceTypes.ASSET_ACCESS)

service_agreement_id = ocean.assets.order(ddo.did, service.index, consumer_account, auto_consume=False)

event_wait_time = 10
event = ocean.keeper.agreement_manager.subscribe_agreement_created(
    service_agreement_id,
    event_wait_time,
    None,
    (),
    wait=True
)
assert event, 'no event for EscrowAccessSecretStoreTemplate.AgreementCreated'
print("agreement created")

#  check if the lock reward goes through
event = ocean.keeper.lock_reward_condition.subscribe_condition_fulfilled(
    service_agreement_id,
    120,
    None,
    (),
    wait=True
)
assert event, 'no event for LockRewardCondition.Fulfilled'
print("lockreward success")

> ocean.agreements.conditions.grant_access(

Reviewer 2: This is not necessary, and actually should not be here. Barge runs the events-handler which will take care of this. But make sure that the provider address in events-handler is added as a provider in ocean.assets.create (when registering a new asset).

    pip install -r requirements_dev.txt
    ```

1. Set up test tier

   ```
   TEST_TIER=e2e
   ```

1. Export account info

    ```
    source accounts.sh
    ```

1. Create the local testing environment using [barge](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/barge). Once cloned that repository, you can start the cluster running:

    ```

>     ./start_ocean.sh -no-commons --no-dashboard --no-agent --no-faucet --local-spree-nodenode

Reviewer 2: typo near the end `-nodenode`
